Add info to website (#3403)
yewstack/yew: website/docs/tutorial/index.mdx

Run the following command to build and serve the application locally.

```bash
trunk serve --open // remove option '--open' to not open your default browser
```

Trunk will open your application in your default browser, watch the project directory and helpfully rebuild your
application if you modify any source files.
This will fail if the socket is being used by another application.
By default server will listening at address '127.0.0.1' and port '8080' [localhost:8080](http://127.0.0.1:8080).

> To change it, create the following file and edit as needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change it, create the [Trunk config file](https://trunkrs.dev/configuration/#trunk-toml) and edit as needed:
```

Author: @hamza1311 suggested changes implemented in PR #3406.

```toml title="Trunk.toml"
[serve]
# The address to serve on.

> address = "127.0.0.1" // "0.0.0.0" for WAN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
address = "127.0.0.1"
```

WAN is incorrect. 0.0.0.0 makes the port exposed on the local network. It has to be exposed. Also, it not recommended to use trunk for anything else other development so I would like to not recommend this

Author: @hamza1311 "0.0.0.0 for WAN" is for remote development (ssh client). I agree that is not recommended! But any alternative for this cases?
